ladies and gentlemen welcome to the
fight of the century
in the left corner is the most famous
dinosaur of all time
tyrannosaurus rex let's call her tyriana
she existed about 70 million years ago
and was a true
queen in today's north american
territory no one could defeat her in a
fair battle
well except for that big meteor spoiler
in the right corner is the nightmare of
the sea
megalodon this one's named megan
this species went extinct about three
million years ago
but legends about it are still alive
it's the biggest shark that ever existed
and it was a super predator in its time
both fighters are the highest predators
in their category
but what happens when they meet face to
face to find out
let's move on to the first category size
the largest t-rex ever found was named
scotty
hey beam me up his hips were about 12
feet tall
but if scotty straightened his back he
would be about 42
feet tall it's like putting three
giraffes on top of each other
and if you wanted to pet this cute guy
on the nose you'd have to stand on the
shoulders of seven people to reach him
even though our t-rex is not the biggest
of its kind
ty rihanna still remains one of the most
dangerous
but now let's look at the size of her
opponent
the size of the megalodon is still a
controversial thing
the fact is that the only remains of
this ancient shark
are teeth and vertebrae so scientists
can only guess about the real
size of this shark but even by the most
modest calculations
it's bigger than t-rex megalodon was
about
50 feet long which is more than a school
bus
it was not only the most massive shark
that ever existed
but also the largest fish in the world
its closest competitor in size
was a modern whale shark but he loses to
megalodon by as much as 10
feet so in the size category megalodon
left
no chance for t-rex the first point
goes to the giant shark megan the next
class is
weight let's start with megan usually
adults had a weight of 27 to 59
tons this is like three heavy lift
transport helicopters
or almost like a tank actually some
houses have less weight than megalodon
its only competitor in the sea is the
blue whale
what does t-rex answer to this although
it's an incredibly
large predator the largest individual
rex's could only reach a weight of 14
tons that's relatively small for its
size
t-rex could be terribly slow and clumsy
but some of its bones are hollow
this is what reduces its total weight
thanks to this
she could be much faster and more agile
without losing strength
but we see that ty rihanna loses to
megan in weight by at least three times
so another point goes to meglodon
next up is speed and agility according
to different estimates
tyrannosaurus rex could run at speeds of
11 to 45 miles per hour
for comparison the speed of the fastest
human on earth is only 16 miles per hour
so you do the math yep we wouldn't have
had a chance to escape having lunch with
sorry being lunch for t-rex but
what about maneuverability tyriana
seems to be big and clumsy however t-rex
had
excellent balance because of her massive
tail and could turn and change direction
very quickly
and look at her legs she clearly doesn't
miss a leg day
now let's look at the second fighter
megan scientists have found that the
megalodon could swim at a speed of about
11 miles per hour
this was enough to become an ultimate
predator but it was inferior to many
other species for example the fastest
sea creature
is the sailfish it can reach 68 miles
per hour
about 100 feet per second besides
because of its heavy weight
it could not quickly turn or maneuver
imagine a giant truck needing to make a
u-turn
so when she attacked she had only one
chance to strike
if she missed she went for a second lap
this gave her prey
enough time to run away in this round
t-rex finally gets her first score but
we're still
two to one in favor of megan the
megalodon you okay
moving on to the next category fighting
skills
megalodon was definitely the best
predator in the aquatic world
not only because of its size and mass
but also because of its intelligence
scientists have found traces of
megalodon's teeth on the remains of
whales
they concluded that megan aimed at her
prey's weakest spots
and knew where the vital organs were
located
other remains of megalodon's victims had
many bone fractures
this suggests that she was not shy about
using her weight as a ram
such a 50 ton ram could easily break
through concrete walls
some individuals prefer to attack the
whale's tails and fins
first to immobilize them then attack a
defenseless victim
this makes the megalodon an excellent
strategist
megalodon's prey just didn't have a
chance
so this shark had two main techniques
ram
and ultimate bite but the arsenal of
t-rex
is much broader like a megalodon it had
the strongest bite of its kind and also
used a ram
although its weight was not as big as
meg's tyriana
could reach a much higher speed and her
impact was much more powerful than that
of a shark
on top of that she could strike with her
tail and her legs had a tremendous force
and could hold the victim no doubt the
t-rex arsenal
is much more diverse so this point goes
to the dinosaur
now it's time for the bonus category the
prize of audience sympathies t-rex is
undoubtedly the most famous dinosaur of
all time
it's appeared in movies tv series
cartoons video games
and even postage stamps and memes and
its skeleton in the american museum of
natural history is the most
recognizable in the world but there are
also many
myths about it for example the idea that
it could only see
moving objects in a famous movie the
heroes escape from a t-rex
by just remaining frozen in place well
first of all a dinosaur could easily
smell them
secondly t-rex had an excellent vision
it was actually 13 times clearer than
humans
megalodon on the other hand has the
reputation of a real devil
a scene where megalodon destroys a
fishing boat is still a cult favorite
and frightening for viewers worldwide
but because there were so
few remains left of it we can only guess
what it really looked like
so instagram t-rex would be much more
popular
t-rex takes this point let's move
forward the score
is 2-2 so the results of the battle will
be decided by the last round
combat tools tyrannosaurus rex had the
most powerful bite force of its kind
it could easily break dinosaur bones
much bigger than themselves
but the power of their bite was limited
by their teeth
they had a weak layer of enamel and were
quite brittle
though they rebuilt quite quickly her
front hands have sharp claws
but this weapon is mostly useless
because of the structure of these arms
megalodon has only one dangerous tool
it's teeth but they can be worth
everything that t-rex has
the teeth of the megalodon were
triangular in shape and were over
seven inches long these are the most
massive teeth that have
ever existed and it had 250 teeth
arranged in five rows each of them was
incredibly sharp and could penetrate
through the thick skin of whales
also the megalodon's jaw was six and a
half feet wide
an adult person could easily fit in
there but not for long
because megalodon had one of the
strongest bites on our planet
the gong sounds and it means it's time
to start the fight
these two predators meet on the coast of
north america
megalodons mostly lived in deep waters
but sometimes they hunted near beaches
t-rex was also in this area and now
these two predators have come
face to face in shallow water the
megalodon becomes even slower and t-rex
easily evades its bite but it's
difficult for her to attack the shark
because tyriana's body size does not
allow her to dive underwater
t-rex decides to retreat to even
shallower water
megan the megalodon drops trying to bite
the dinosaur and just
rams her with all of her 50 ton weight
the t-rex
loses her balance and falls down now
nothing can help her uh-oh
so megalodon proves again that she was
the ultimate predator
and could easily defeat the world's most
famous
dinosaur